Look, the economy is doing fantastic, just fantastic. Nobody thought we could do it. They said, "He can't do it." But we did it. Jobs, tremendous numbers. The best numbers ever. The stock market? Through the roof. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. China? They're not laughing at us anymore, believe me. We're making great deals, tremendous deals. America first, always America first.

You know, the fake news won't tell you this, but our borders are stronger than ever. So strong. We're building the wall. Mexico's paying for it, in many ways, many different ways. And the criminals, they're not coming in anymore. They used to pour in, now they're staying out. We have the best border security, maybe ever. Everyone says so.

I met with the leaders, all the important leaders. They respect us now. They didn't respect us before, but they respect us now. Tremendous respect. They look at us and say "wow." Because we're winning again. America is winning again. And we're going to keep winning, so much winning. You might even get tired of winning, but I don't think so.

The radical left wants to destroy everything we've built. Everything. But we won't let them. We have the greatest supporters, the most loyal people. Look at the crowds, massive crowds. You turn on the fake news, they never show the crowds. But they're huge, record-setting. No president has ever had crowds like this, maybe ever.

We did things nobody thought possible. Nobody. The experts? Wrong. So wrong. We proved them all wrong. And we're just getting started, believe me. So much more winning to do. So much more. It's going to be beautiful. Just beautiful. And the other side knows it. They know it better than anybody.

You know what? The silent majority isn't silent anymore. They're speaking up. They love our country. They don't want to see it destroyed by socialism. Socialism would kill our economy, kill it dead. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and we'll do it again. Bigger and better than ever before.

I've done more in three years than any president in history. That's what they tell me. Many people are saying it. It's true. Nobody's ever seen anything like what we've accomplished. Historic. Truly historic. And we did it with the media fighting us every single day. The most unfair coverage, maybe ever.

The healthcare system, we're fixing it. We're fixing it so good. Obamacare was a disaster, total disaster. Premiums through the roof. Deductibles? Forget about it. So high you'd never even use it. We're coming up with a plan, a beautiful plan. The best healthcare plan anyone's ever seen. Much better coverage, much lower costs. The Democrats don't want you to know this, but we're protecting pre-existing conditions better than they ever did. Much, much better.

Look at what we did with the military. Totally rebuilt it. Totally. When I came in? Depleted. A depleted military. No ammunition, can you believe it? I asked the general, I said, "Where's the ammunition?" He said, "Sir, we don't have any." True story. Now we have so much ammunition, so many missiles, beautiful new equipment. The best in the world. Nobody has what we have. Russia, China, they're jealous. They look at our military now and they say, "We can't believe it."

The media is so corrupt, so corrupt. They make up stories, totally false stories. Anonymous sources that don't even exist. They just make them up. It's called fake news, folks. Enemy of the people, I say it. They hate when I say it, but that's what they are. CNN? Disaster. MSNBC? Even worse, if that's possible. Even worse. But the ratings? Way down. Nobody's watching anymore. Their ratings are down the tubes because people want the truth, and they're not getting it from the fake news.

We're bringing back American manufacturing like never before. Jobs that were shipped to China, shipped to Mexico, they said those jobs are never coming back. Remember that? Obama said "what magic wand do you have?" Well, we have a magic wand, it's called good negotiation, good trade deals. Factories opening up all over Michigan, all over Pennsylvania, all over Ohio. Beautiful, brand new factories. Car companies coming back. Nobody thought it was possible, but we did it. And we're just getting started, believe me.

Infrastructure? We're doing infrastructure like nobody's ever seen. Roads, bridges, tunnels, airports. Our airports were like from third-world countries. You'd land at LaGuardia, you'd land at JFK, you'd think you were in a third-world country. Now we're making them beautiful. Big, beautiful new airports. Best technology, best everything. Other countries used to laugh at our airports. They're not laughing anymore, I can tell you that.

The Paris Climate Accord was going to destroy our economy, destroy it. Trillions and trillions of dollars for nothing. Meanwhile, China does whatever they want, India does whatever they want. No restrictions on them. Only restrictions on us. I said, we're not doing it. We pulled out. And our carbon emissions went down anyway. Clean air, clean water. Nobody has cleaner air or cleaner water than we do right now. The best numbers, maybe ever. And we did it without destroying our economy like the radical left wanted.

The greatest economy in the history of our country. The greatest economy, frankly, in the history of the world. Then we got hit with the Chinese virus, the invisible enemy. Nobody saw it coming. Nobody. But we mobilized. We did the ventilators. They said we couldn't do ventilators. Now we're supplying ventilators to the whole world. Masks, gowns, everything. We became the king of ventilators. And the recovery? V-shaped. Better than a V. I call it a super V. Jobs coming back at levels nobody's ever seen before. Records, all records.

Our farmers, I love our farmers. Nobody's been better to the farmers than Trump, that I can tell you. The farmers were being ripped off by China, ripped off by everybody. Everybody was taking advantage of the farmers. I gave them $28 billion. That was from China's tariffs, by the way. We charged China a lot of money, hundreds of billions in tariffs. And I gave some of that to the farmers because they were targeted. Now they're doing great, the best they've ever done. The farmers love Trump. They're going to vote for me in record numbers, record numbers.

NATO? NATO was a disaster. Countries weren't paying what they were supposed to pay. They were delinquent. I went there, I said, "You gotta pay." They said, "No, no, we won't pay." I said, "Yes, you will pay." And you know what? They paid. $130 billion more. Going up to $400 billion. Other presidents tried, they all failed. Obama failed. Bush failed. Everybody failed. But I got them to pay. Now NATO is rich. And they respect us again. They respect us like never before.

The Second Amendment is under siege by the radical left. They want to take away your guns. They want to shred our Constitution. But we will never allow it to happen. Never. As long as I'm President, you have a President who will protect your Second Amendment. One hundred percent. The Democrats would obliterate the Second Amendment. Immediately. First day. But we're not letting that happen. Your right to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. That's what it says. Very simple language. Very, very simple.

People ask me, "What's the biggest problem facing our country?" I say China. China, China, China. For years, they've been ripping us off. Taking our jobs, taking our money. Intellectual property theft like nobody's ever seen before. Hundreds of billions of dollars. But not anymore. I put tariffs on China. Everyone said, "Oh, you can't do that." But I did it. And guess what? Our economy went up, theirs went down. Way down. They had the worst year in 67 years. And they know it. That's why they want Biden so badly. So, so badly.

The Iran Deal was the worst deal I've ever seen. Gave them $150 billion. Gave them $1.8 billion in cash. In cash! Can you believe it? Airplanes full of cash. And what did we get? Nothing. They went and funded terrorism all over the Middle East. I ended it. Ripped it up. Now they're broke. They want to make a deal so badly. So badly. But they're waiting to see if Biden wins because they know Sleepy Joe would give away the store. Give them everything they want. But with me, they're going to pay a heavy price. Heavy.
